13b57f4b-98af-55eb-9438-e1b48070286b -> Digital Marketing Institute is the global standard in Digital Marketing Certification. Our mission is to give our students the confidence and knowledge they need to advance in their careers through this specialization. The ability and willingness to strategically adopt digital initiatives to support business goals has never been more critical to an organization’s survival than it is today. If you want to better understand the knowledge, skills, and behaviors demanded of digital leaders as well as the forces driving and transforming businesses today, this course will help you do so. You will learn to use techniques to develop and hone your strategic thinking skills and develop skills to help you transition smoothly from a senior or management role to a leadership role. After completing this course, you will be able to: - • Demonstrate an understanding of how an iterative approach to Customer Experience (CX) design can improve an organization’s performance • Use best practices for recruiting, training, and developing digital marketing personnel • Demonstrate an understanding of how to combine an optimal channel and budget mix, supported by a paid media and campaign action plan, to execute a digital marketing strategy • Recognize the types of risks associated with digital and why businesses need to protect against them This course also covers the key concepts, actions, and behaviors that underpin effective digital leadership in business. You will learn about the key international data protection and data privacy laws applicable to digital campaigns and the risks associated with digital, as well as effective strategies to mitigate the risks. This is the final course in the Digital Marketing Institute’s Digital Strategy specialization. On completion of all courses in your Specialization, you will also be awarded a Digital Marketing Institute Certified Digital Marketing Associate certification, along with three months of free Power Membership, allowing you to boost your career and unlock your next opportunity. 92% of members have said their courses have had a positive impact on their careers, while 88% are now working at senior or manager level.
ff3cfde7-dcfa-52d4-8410-b5a5bbf17b68 -> Digital-driven changes are both generic and specific. Most transformations apply to all industries, equally and without exception. But in some industries or places, digital transformations are singular and atypical. To be a player in the digital world, you will need to master both the transformations common to all industries and the transformations at work on certain verticals. Retail and the sharing economy are emblematic of markets where specific transformations are unfolding. This module will tell you how. Week 1 : New business models, new perimeters Week 2 : Regulating the digital innovation Week 3 : The value of digital innovation
c9d5bff2-31cb-5a6d-bac6-d15d15f8af62 -> Facebook, AirBnB, Tesla, Amazon, Uber. In just a few years, companies like these have changed the face of the global economy. Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of start-ups are disrupting old business models, taking on centennial industrial groups – and winning. It’s clear that the rules of business have changed forever. This MOOC provides a knowledge toolkit for the ongoing digital revolution. You’ll discover 10 concepts that are essential for understanding the new mechanisms of digital business and innovation. Each concept is explained in its own beautifully designed, content-rich instructional video, along with additional resources for you to explore. The ideas are illustrated with up-to-the-minute case studies and examples from a wide range of industries. Week 1 : Why Digital Changes Everything Week 2 : Creating Value in a Digital World Week 3 : Thinking and Acting Differently This MOOC is ideal for learners from a wide range of backgrounds. It is brought to you by three expert professors and researchers from IMT - Telecom Paris, a leading European graduate school in the field of digital technology and social science. This MOOC is supported by the Patrick and Lina Drahi Foundation.
bbda865d-2790-53d2-b797-31f464ea4ed5 -> The idea that digital technology triggers profound change in companies is largely accepted. There is indeed no question that the digital world is profoundly changing business life. Everyone is now on the same page. But with the digital world come a lot of misconceptions and buzzwords. You can no longer get by with these commonplaces or general ideas. You need to gain a detailed understanding of the main new management paradigms: new marketing approaches, the role of data in data-driven management, large businesses’ struggle to innovate, etc. This will give you precise insight into changes at work. Without precision, it is difficult to understand. Without understanding, it is impossible to act. This module will tell you how. Week 1 : Big Picture Week 2 : Operational Area Week 3 : Focus Area
a276edb6-b434-53ff-a8fa-5bfa54359683 -> Digital Signal Processing is the branch of engineering that, in the space of just a few decades, has enabled unprecedented levels of interpersonal communication and of on-demand entertainment. By reworking the principles of electronics, telecommunication and computer science into a unifying paradigm, DSP is a the heart of the digital revolution that brought us CDs, DVDs, MP3 players, mobile phones and countless other devices. The goal, for students of this course, will be to learn the fundamentals of Digital Signal Processing from the ground up. Starting from the basic definition of a discrete-time signal, we will work our way through Fourier analysis, filter design, sampling, interpolation and quantization to build a DSP toolset complete enough to analyze a practical communication system in detail. Hands-on examples and demonstration will be routinely used to close the gap between theory and practice. To make the best of this class, it is recommended that you are proficient in basic calculus and linear algebra; several programming examples will be provided in the form of Python notebooks but you can use your favorite programming language to test the algorithms described in the course.
e7714ad0-d37d-5dd6-9a4e-c569d863a91e -> Are you looking to reduce your carbon footprint? Why not examine your digital footprint, too? In this course, instructor Lorena Díaz Quijano shows you how to identify and monitor the impact of your everyday digital activities and make changes based on scientific best practices. Discover the secret to creating a more conscious and environmentally friendly mindset, developing an awareness of your own digital consumption habits, and intervening, wherever necessary. Get tips on reducing your digital footprint, generating a greener tech future, and understanding your digital impact on the environment along with your responsibility to do more to protect it. By the end of this course, you’ll be prepared to become an agent of change in your personal digital life and start making more sustainable decisions in the workplace.
b9a121dc-2677-5869-90f5-76aebd4fc853 -> If you want to match the scale and speed required to meet customers’ expectations, you need to make sure your infrastructure is fully up-to-date. Digital transformation has become essential in today’s hybridized business world, which means it’s time to take advantage of the cloud. In this course, explore the key benefits, challenges, and best practices of modernizing legacy IT infrastructure to transform your business with the power of Google Cloud. Drive innovation by building your understanding of fundamental cloud concepts such as total cost of ownership, capital expenditures, configuration options, network support, and more. Along the way, learn how to use Google Cloud to implement a wide variety of cloud computing service models, including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. By the end of this course, you’ll be equipped with strategies for upholding your end of the shared responsibility model and fully securing your cloud-based infrastructure to meet customers’ needs. Note: This course was created by Google. We are pleased to host this training in our library.
3179bef8-92ee-5bdf-bd51-3888a396da5e -> Master strategic marketing concepts and tools to address brand communication in a digital world. This Specialization explores several aspects of the new digital marketing environment, including topics such as digital marketing analytics, search engine optimization, social media marketing, and 3D Printing. When you complete the Digital Marketing Specialization you will have a richer understanding of the foundations of the new digital marketing landscape and acquire a new set of stories, concepts, and tools to help you digitally create, distribute, promote and price products and services. In 2016, this was one of the top 10 specializations in terms of enrollments. INC Magazine rated the first course, Marketing in a Digital World, as one of The 10 Hottest Online Classes for Professionals in 2015. In addition, this course was also ranked in the top five courses across multiple MOOC providers. Finally, the Digital Marketing Certificate was the top coveted certificate on Coursera in 2015. Get more updates on the specialization at http://digitalmarketingprofs.com/ This Specialization is part of the University of Illinois Masters of Business Administration degree program, the iMBA. Learn more about the admission into the program here.
724880dc-fd64-5ecb-a523-c06a6c102b82 -> It seems as though everywhere you turn, digital transformation is happening. But what is digital, exactly, and what does it encompass? In this course, instructor Peter High helps business leaders better understand the definition of the term; the implications for people, processes, and technology; the risks of ignoring the digital transformation trend; and the rewards one can garner from riding this wave. Learn about the different stages of digital maturity, and the best ways to draw inspiration and insights from digital native companies like Google, Amazon, and Netflix, as well as from digital immigrant companies like FedEx and Domino's Pizza. He also covers the ideal backgrounds of digital leaders. Peter wraps up the course by explaining how to create a strategic digital transformation plan for your organization.
cfc7066d-11bb-5b4e-b3a4-1568da634b7d -> This specialisation introduces students to the emerging and multidisciplinary field of digital health and the role and application of digital health technologies including mobile applications, wearable technologies, health information systems, telehealth, telemedicine, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data. These digital health technologies are assessed in terms of their opportunities and challenges to address real-world public health and health care system challenges in order to improve the quality, safety and efficiency of these services. The aim of this specialisation is to prepare learners for the new era of digitalisation in public health and health care globally. The design and implementation of digital health interventions aspect of this specialisation address topics to include design thinking, regulatory approaches, ethical considerations, technology adoption, implementation and strategy as applied to digital health. The evaluation component of this course focuses on data considerations in digital health, data management and the evaluation of digital health interventions with a focus on experimental and quasi-experimental design approaches to evaluation and the economic evaluation of digital health interventions.
cbb6a7a2-78e3-530a-8147-fd67f56c6185 -> Creativity matters, but it’s not always an easy thing to accomplish. From coming up with ideas to protecting your intellectual property, there’s a lot that goes into being a creator. In digital environments, you have a lot of freedom to create content of various kinds — but you also have more to be careful about. The question is, “How do you go about creating and protecting your content in the digital world?” With the expertise of Dr. Nicholas Proferes of the ASU School of Social and Behavioral Sciences, the Digital Creativity course will put the tools, knowledge and strategies of content creation directly into your hands. You’ll learn the fundamentals and get acquainted with your digital creativity toolkit. Then, you’ll directly apply them in hands-on scenarios. Content creation requires knowing your tools, your goals and the rights involved. Digital creativity involves identifying those tools and creating content based on the goals you have — skills that anyone can learn and apply anywhere. Jump-start your digital creativity journey today!